Add contribution guidelines markdown file to root dir (#18)
fluxnet-open-source/website: CONTRIBUTING.md

<!-- omit in toc -->
# Contributing to Fluxnet Open Source Code Committee Resource Guide

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! ❤️

All types of contributions are encouraged and valued. See the [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents) for different ways to help and details about how this project handles them. Please make sure to read the relevant section before making your contribution. It will make it a lot easier for us maintainers and smooth out the experience for all involved. The community looks forward to your contributions. 🎉

> And if you like the project, but just don't have time to contribute, that's fine. There are other easy ways to support the project and show your appreciation, which we would also be very happy about:
> - Star the project
> - Tweet about it
> - Refer this project in your project's readme
> - Mention the project at local meetups and tell your friends/colleagues

<!-- omit in toc -->
## Table of Contents

- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [I Have a Question](#i-have-a-question)
- [I Want To Contribute](#i-want-to-contribute)
- [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
- [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)

> - [Your First Code Contribution](#your-first-code-contribution)

Reviewer: These sections aren't in the guide yet (but I also don't think we need all of them now)?

Probably we should have an "improving the documentation" section (but maybe call it "improving the website"?) with instructions about how to put a PR for edits to the website, for minor edits (i.e., typos, broken links, etc) and major edits (adding new content). 

In the website I activated the links in the top menu to edit pages (so hopefully it will be easy for people to make suggested edits if they see a problem). Then we could make sure this contribution guide shows up on the website also?

But we could do these changes in a separate PR if you prefer.

- [Improving The Documentation](#improving-the-documentation)
- [Styleguides](#styleguides)

> - [Commit Messages](#commit-messages)

Reviewer: These sections aren't in the guide (but I don't think we need all of them right now)?

- [Join The Project Team](#join-the-project-team)

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the
[Fluxnet Open Source Code Committee Resource Guide Code of Conduct](https://github.com/fluxnet-open-source/website/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## I Have a Question

> If you want to ask a question, we assume that you have read the available [Documentation](https://fluxnet-open-source.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

> Before you ask a question, it is best to search for existing [Issues](https://github.com/fluxnet-open-source/website/issues?q=) that might help you. In case you have found a suitable issue and still need clarification, you can write your question in a new issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you ask a question, it is best to search for existing [Issues](https://github.com/fluxnet-open-source/website/issues?q=) that might help you. If you don't find an existing issue and still need clarification, you can write your question in a new issue.
```

Enhancement suggestions are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://github.com/fluxnet-open-source/website/issues?q=).

- Use a **clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
- Provide a **step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as many details as possible.
- **Explain why this enhancement would be useful** to most Fluxnet Open Source Code Committee Resource Guide users. 

<!-- You might want to create an issue template for enhancement suggestions that can be used as a guide and that defines the structure of the information to be included. If you do so, reference it here in the description. -->

### Reporting a Bug

<!-- omit in toc -->
#### Before Submitting a Bug Report

Bugs can happen in our tutorials or even code snippets in the documentation. if you find a bug, please report it. A good bug report shouldn't leave others needing to chase you up for more information. Therefore, we ask you to investigate carefully, collect information and describe the issue in detail in your report. Please complete the following steps in advance to help us fix any potential bug as fast as possible.

- Make sure that you are using the latest version.

> - Determine if your bug is really a bug and not an error on your side e.g. using incompatible environment components/versions (Make sure that you have read the [documentation](https://fluxnet-open-source.readthedocs.io/en/latest/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Determine if your bug is really a bug and not an error on your side e.g. using incompatible environment components/versions (Make sure that you have read the [documentation](https://fluxnet-open-source.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)). 
```

> - To see if other users have experienced (and potentially already solved) the same issue you are having, check if there is not already a bug report existing for your bug or error in the (https://github.com/fluxnet-open-source/website/issues?q=).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To see if other users have experienced (and potentially already solved) the same issue you are having, check if there is not already a bug report existing for your bug or error in the [Issues](https://github.com/fluxnet-open-source/website/issues?q=).
```
